[Music] I
wanted to see I wanted to see the video I had to see
a clip of a car in which it seems that he
talks about piqué but I haven't found
the raw video I do
n't know if I should react to this one to the author what
happens that yes I'm going to react because
[Music] it's
probably very good I
'm talking that I don't know if it will be Chris
Bake USA that has pronounced them about the
piqué serve let's
see I imagine that there will be some opinion
on the thing about how the gossip is
up to there or not of a circus we are
going to sink that I don't know if he took her to
meet her sometime I don't think he gets
into the subject of gossip to the level of ue he
shouldn't have left her he shouldn't have
done something to her if I'm not
mistaken yesterday Sunday Sunday we are already
going to the saurians this I thought there were fairies left it
's [ __ ] Sunday
Sunday is the to Wayne
and it's incredible that it has arrived
since
more when are they going to say the contestants
I'm looking forward to knowing what contestants
there said that they don't read all the eggs
but when they have said something  paulo when are
we on Mars tomorrow
when is it going when will the
contestants be known? I have an idea of ​​​​who is
going
when when they say the contestants
in fact I wanted to go this weekend I
was planning the curia confirmed that
the south is there
because of this fight wings let's start with
a miniseries that is just around the
corner the barbecue and we have to mention
the fact shoes john wick Spanish you are
in the sauna I
don't like those types of events
Mario and Nexus have not confirmed
their participation will be the same as the one
the oven had to tell the gossip okay well we
will have to be telling the
gossip us
in two days so that I go dioramas
and participants not because there is money
involved there is no money involved it is the
fact if I continue with this guy I
continue with this guy it seems good
people not cash but there is money involved
and what does it matter example if
in the end the money from the shows
you know what happened with the money from the I
do
Alan from I don't know what you expected
the money the money from the how a good
money like that  that it is [ __ ] but the
money for sao breakfast of the x games
was 100 thousand dollars which in euros if
I'm not mistaken was
around I'm not going to say that it is [ __ ] do
not misunderstand me I'm not going to
explain what I want to explain to you in
euros we were talking about 70 if I'm
not mistaken it's 70 thousand so
here in Spain that means that you are
left with 35 thousand
no no it's that let's see of course where is the
problem in that there is money regarding what you
are being the fact if not no
I mean that it is [ __ ] that it is
little but that 35,000 euros for
50% of the streams is that they were there
that we are talking about euros play and buy
primary victimizer were the
squid games primary were not the
squid no because the squid games
were from tweets here of course there is nothing to be from
tweets but we are talking
about surely 40 or 50% all
35 thousand envelopes half a month or in three days of
the month some of course not literal some
the majority a well news  and the
majority but a good percentage of those
who were there 35 thousand euros you get
what I mean by this is that it's not that it
was a bad prize or that
the prize was disgusting but the money
wasn't the important thing the important thing there was having a
good time char sincerely I
remember the moment d
the dollar is now very close to the
euro no
now it's 93 thousand
[Music]
still fried
but it's a number let's see yes it is
a number but I mean that the majority
of those who were there not everything is about
competitiveness for money what I
wanted in particular was hey if I
won the prize [ __ ] great I mean it
comes to me right now that you freak out you know it would
come to me right now that it freaks out but my
goal was this at most 10 at least
because I'm having a blast I
mean for example in a final man
I was going to give everything possible I was going to do
everything possible
just like I will give it no because I'm not going to
be anywhere anymore anywhere you
know
if one day measured by participating somewhere
else also try to do the
best possible but for example a
final like this  I would have charged,
I would have surely killed myself, you
know, it's
something that didn't sit well with me at all, like
when money is involved, people
start to see
the incoherent position because if we
stick to the word of urgency, at the
moment we haven't set a prize, the
difference is that there is
no rival for the sound, I think there won't
be a prize, I do
n't think I know, I imagine that what will be
done in the show, in what I imagine,
okay, that will be done, I'm not saying that this is
my assumption, what I imagine will be
done will be
[Music]
that will remain
and that will remain in that they give the
winner or whoever wins parts that I do
n't know how it will go, the truth is, but that they
will be given away, I don't remember
where it was, I think that in it, I think that in the
end it
may be that in the end of the
squid games we agreed that we would pay
50 euros to the winner
and in the end we didn't have to pay
anyone
because nobody won,
that was in the oak skin but in the one
we did
after the squid games  we didn't
do another one we were with the
pink tracksuit instead of green
there we stayed there the prize was going to
be that everyone who wanted we would
give
950 bucks the PSUV to whoever won what
happens is that not only do we pay nobody
because nobody won
everyone died
but in this language I imagine it will
stay something like that you
have to put a little bit of substance
no not
of substance I would
give you a lucky tracksuit
if participating would be in another series let's
see
audio
tracksuit
I'm getting off
we have since the sars edited
kids
financed by tweets in a rival tweet
here I haven't wanted to because because if I
make rival tweets there are people like nexo
the pig face and I don't feel like it
also or dj mario I don't feel like it
I want to invite people from youtube too
and that's why I didn't ask tweets or
do anything because I don't want it to be
exclusive this time to tweets the
skygames are already exclusive to tweets and it
seems fine to me this time the av I wanted I did
n't want to leave people on the street like I
said mario like nexus who by the way  they
are already invited to accepted
spoiler drinks and there are people from youtube that
I want the deputy project the truth
red and I prefer that there is no prize or that there
is a smaller prize even if it is
his or things like that and to be able to invite and they
marginalized him before this time in theory a
priori or there is no prize or in the case
that there is it will not be to kill himself
therefore there is something here that does not
fit me john wick so that is why I tell you I say
when I see that there are things of
money involved I do not get used to it
because 90 people adopt other attitudes that is why
then that is why it does not
convince me and now I know myself and that is why I know
that you who say yourself I
evict you what about sauro what about the
squid game however I want that no the
days that you were
the days that I was between that I wasting
time god how much fun we did
and endorsed well done that the son of a
[ __ ] from the squid game was you remember
when we entered and when he started with the
music there on the stage that you go
through collera was the [ __ ] and they say
that  that base better said freelancers well
if it were a live in a tweet that said
if you liked this this is going to be
much better
about the [ __ ] host
that is going to be the [ __ ] host
but man the visibility the money that is
earned in each stream
and how it is nice that you win and you take a huge
prize
100,000 cash
is nice amputees that the treasury is going to
win yes or yes the squid games
well if one does not fall that is not from
Spain but if one from Spain falls the
treasury would win yes or yes that
I do not you kids Jones to one
but I do not get involved more kids that they
throw me out in three days
what do you want that they go to me the next day
well here we will be a little shielded they do not
come to light the same as when something is
very competitive I do not like because because
many times the competitive vein and
many times the people that a
competitive
company competitive wanted better than
the others wanted to show that I was not
photos a ford of the head at that time I
promise you conditional years my
first company but I knew  that was the
head of wanting to prove that I was better
than the time I had that engraved in a
competitive vein that the only thing that was finished of
me was in the most competitive part that
many times was the most aggressive and
full with something very but very
important or them and joy and
thank you very much to one who calls it whatever he wants
the mutual friends I really have not
put them to troll we simply
wanted to give at least I wanted to give the
other touch to the channel because yes it is
true that I wanted to win a little
more mischievous because all of us who
had all together and karime
should already be giving a name
no [ __ ] idea really
no [ __ ] idea they will
give it the same good maybe
sometimes you want it or not people are already
half aware of the subject I
can't tell the thing I
can't tell a
childish thing and this hello javi sorry to be the
one to say it but the intro of javi
the canijo is better than the one on the
main channel a kiss on the left nostril
success in look what it says pay
attention to the external context lives
because it is at least magical I heard the
following that does not seem to me the increase
black mirror I do not like since a girl
of  Guatemala 13 years old
nights although
not the calls hello thank you very much
for your direct brother you're welcome but
listen to me a fact not now and no they
would not have been from a play that after
listening to what I had heard they
were throwing garbage at them juan
okay the bottom of the group beats the car
[ __ ] I have not seen it has not given me nor do they
count literally and if they do it through
here it entered me through here it comes out and it goes up to me
supporting but do not discourage me it cost me and it
cost me because I have everything so much here
today everything so with so much filter that I know
I decide what reaches me and what does not reach me I
have everything so touched by that region it
was [ __ ] I
have all the perfect social networks
to not read [ __ ] I read whatever comes out
of my dick and everything is super half given
then of many things I do not even find out
because I do not have it configured in such a way
that it will not reach me
also for my well-being
driver or why because some
came to the understanding that they were
playing I was calling their
audience infantile something absurd I study for a
picture and I am going to man of course whatever I
refer to is what I referred to and I know people I
know what kind of people  he will have insulted me
and so the axes because this was a long
time ago worth and as now
currently to a wide changed the
entities claiming that the previous ones were
child contact is the people have
connected and have said [ __ ] this has been the
fault of just like there are problems with the
issue of we have escaped
if something like and the children or something like that let's
see what has happened here do you want because there
are people crying I do not understand anything and
someone explain it to me
is that I do not understand anything another streaming
is another stream in said that if I like
that another person
is that he has not read something of the
others said that about me I know nicknames they
have told me before he
always spoke well of all the entities of
his Tauris all the artists
of various things something like that there are two there are not
two no conclusion if the first is part
of early it seemed absurd to me imagine
the second but why
in general that is why
when
last year
100,000 people came at one time
and he thought people throw [ __ ]
shitty little girls who are
shitty little girls say that I had had those
beware because that European day I was
live and saying brother project it to
me  I went out to say first girls I'll
tell you something complex knows that it exists the
first thing the second will give you
second-hand embarrassment because that type of things are
embarrassing any
normal and ordinary human being
people
giving because let's see now in play the subject
of Johnny Depp and Amber blowing her
don't talk to me about an [ __ ] woman
because let's see the subject of Johnny Depp and
Amber blowing her give or so I said you won't
see the case of Johnny Depp you
can't talk to me anymore Johnny Depp and his wife I
don't
care about
the society
that judges the woman
the law
equal
luck
my mother my sister
family
[Music] may
the
best man win that the law is fair
the controversy of Shakira and Piqué three
quarters of
the same it even bothers him that I asked packages of the dick those days and that is it already yes the pure gossip no but well we from here we like gossip a lot and of course they are not like that the layers are subject okay but the subject of beads and on the internet but mails from
Lyon and so Hollywood history man
history  of the world of society everything
that is behind not because he is a man he is not
a simple it is the ceo of I denounce you
to see who is right to see who no no
no it is the movement that is behind
and the plot and the ideology of the things
that happen behind because to me the
private lives of others cannot add
more to the or rather I do not care at all
here in the name of Shakira not even a bit
because here the private lives of others
cannot sweat more the thing I do not care
at all what is
true is that if he gets wet and gives his opinion it comes out in
half an hour 25 newspapers say
any [ __ ] that really matters to me
talk to me about those issues because it
specifically matters a piece of [ __ ] that does not
matter to me what happened to their
marriage gosh I am not going to sleep
tonight from the disgust come on and that one did not
have enough problems to
worry about the marriage of another
famous person and even completely because of you I do not
care but what has gotten
wet several times has been with the
issue in ftp some nfc that have gone to
hell how do you know how to forget  when he
said that he wants more money why would
you get into that with everything you already
have right when it involves him now he
also has everything and he left the country
by agreement things as they are willy said
that you learn by doing it that it's
quite typical let's say that to
learn even if they have money god even if you
have money the issue of the treasury that in
Spain inflates the balls now
and you will live grated on this issue but
you have no other choice if you want to live in Spain
but the issue now is that you feel like
a show-off they
are robbing you you
feel like a god today I filled
my mother's tank
okay
and it cost me double what it usually
costs normally I think
before because the car was in a
car and I think that with forty and fifty
euros it would have filled up okay or less even if it
wasn't like that see everything I think with 30 or 40
euros more flight that would fill up a
wife with thirty euros you don't do to
please or they don't do anything
with thirty euros I give her so she can go to
work one day
let's go to Andorra we will have swimming pools
and cars
and I know  cautious now now was the best
time to give it a go because there is no more
noise now you can
literally focus on the people who are
announcing because because they continue
working and they have not left in those months
years that surely we will have to be with
a bear market that is the best
time and finally he appealed to the typical
little thing is coming you are making thousands of
profits for the exercises via
numbered more how many no thanks another
day euro play after this storm
that was a while ago today he has given his opinion he has given his
opinion and has expanded let's see what he says
although in the future he has
won much more but what
leaves lessons this is I think that he
left a choice both to the people and
to the content creators and that is to
play with people's money well
never
[Music]
that comment about going around with the
ncc in the future is in an ironic way
because people are associating it with the fact that he is going for
willy since in his day he put this
tweet in a visionary way incredible well
nothing simply in the dallas video
that shakira was also selling
on ft that was to donate it but for what
you  you get into that selling on ft to
donate money give what you want to donate and
the other things to donate sing some
songs but it goes to get them out in ft
anyway how is the subject of the
crypts ways I took
[Music]
two rounds one is not lost
because it is not lost because the
first one went very well for me with luna in the
first I bought luna very cheap and luna
left you know and yes I sold and then with luna it
caught me inside what happened it
went to
0.03 that 0 there was some money that I took I
literally threw it away but well me
assuming of course from the first
moment
[ __ ] the talk with Comanche the talk
with Comanche was related to the squid game
in truth I didn't even remember that he had
the talk with Comanche but of course because
the talk that was going with
Comanche was for was when the
squid games ended to chat with a
little bit of some conclusions of how it
ended and so on okay but right now there is no
hot topic I will invite him
another time when there is something and  I also
had Ari's, the one from Beijing, I
don't have time to finish my [ __ ]
face and I imagine they don't either
when something comes up, of course, to me
sincerely, the one that's, of course,
how much love I invite everyone, no,
but Aurum's for me, you know, it
was the one that, the one that
was the one that I had the illusion of having
done all my life and I did it
[Music]